Sprint Log 3 - Review required from two was changed to one. (#114)
SW709E19/Report: report/SprintLogs/SprintLog3.tex

We therefore decided to shelve the "Battery status report" user story for future work.

In addition to the work on the product, we also wrote new parts to the report, made some changes, and refined a document we had made which described the intended general structure and content of the report.

> There where a general feeling that the review process for the report repository where to cumbersome, since each pull request would require two other group members accept before a pull request cloud be merged.

Reviewer: I think it's better to only describe it in Retrospective, since it has to do with process more than the actual work done.

```suggestion

```

The second agreement we made was to improve our definitions of tasks and their deadlines.
We will start writing dispositions for report chapters and present them to other group members before writing the actual chapters, in order to make sure that we all agree on what the chapters should describe and how they should be structured.
In addition to this, we will start defining specific deadlines for our tasks in order to increase the rate at which tasks are completed.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> It was agreed within the group that the number of reviews required for a report task to be considered done should be decreased from two to one.

Reviewer: I think this increases the flow (as long as the empty line above is deleted)
```suggestion
Futhermore, it was agreed within the group that the number of reviews required for a report task to be considered done should be decreased from two to one.
```

The second agreement we made was to improve our definitions of tasks and their deadlines.
We will start writing dispositions for report chapters and present them to other group members before writing the actual chapters, in order to make sure that we all agree on what the chapters should describe and how they should be structured.
In addition to this, we will start defining specific deadlines for our tasks in order to increase the rate at which tasks are completed.

> It was agreed within the group that the number of reviewers required for a pull request to be merged within the report repository could be decreased from two to one.

Reviewer: I think this is more simple for the reader to understand. If you disagree, just ignore this suggestion; it does not matter that much.

```suggestion
It was agreed within the group that the number of reviews required for a report task to be considered done should be decreased from two to one.
```

> The decrease in reviews required was primarily due to the time pressure felt as the project deadline came closer and lastly a pattern had emerged from earlier sprints were issues would not be completed in time since they were stuck in the review process.

Reviewer: Reformulations in order to simplify. Again, if you disagree, just ignore :) Howevere, were -> where is important.
```suggestion
This was agreed primarily due to the project nearing its deadline and because a pattern had emerged from earlier sprints where tasks would not be completed in time since they were stuck in the review process.
```

> Together with the increasing number of report tasks in the report backlog the decrease was agreed upon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change did not affect the number of required reviews for the product because the remaining product-related tasks were few in comparison to the unfinished report tasks which were many.
```

> The change was implemented within GitHub for the next sprint.

Reviewer: Redundant. We will evaluate on it in sprint 4
```suggestion
```

The second agreement we made was to improve our definitions of tasks and their deadlines.
We will start writing dispositions for report chapters and present them to other group members before writing the actual chapters, in order to make sure that we all agree on what the chapters should describe and how they should be structured.
In addition to this, we will start defining specific deadlines for our tasks in order to increase the rate at which tasks are completed.

> It was agreed with in the group, that the amount of reviewers required for a pull request to merge within the report repository cloud be decreased from two to one.

Reviewer: I think we could improve the flow between this and the previous paragraph(s). I would write a suggestion, but it also involves changing the argument (see comment below).

```suggestion
It was agreed within the group that the number of reviewers required for a pull request to be merged within the report repository could be decreased from two to one.
```

> The argument for the change was that one more thorough review could substitute two more brief reviews.

Reviewer: I don't particularly like this argument because:
- I don't think it's true
- It gives the impression that all of our previous reviews were brief and not thorough

I thought we agreed to only use 1 reviewer from now on because we are in a hurry?
I think I would prefer that we write that we did it because we were pressured (written in a much better way), but at the same time this also motivated the reviewer to be extra thorough, since they are solely responsible for the review.

> The change was implemented within GitHub for the next sprint and the internal understanding of the review thoroughness was revised and agreed up, however no formal understanding was formalized.  

Reviewer: This should be changed if the argument is changed
